happy October and we kind of a review
coming up right now for a horror
thriller film which came out in 1988 in
the eighties and we'll get right on with
it and it's for thick Salvas clown house
on region 1 DVD because that's the old
ever came out for and it's not been out
region 2 since but I'll get more to
detail than that a bit clown house
basically is about three kids one of
them is some Rockwell who's quite a
famous actor now so about that and
they've been left on their own I think
it's over Halloween and mom's gone out
for the weekend and basically they go to
see the circus and good to see the
circus the youngest brother Casey he's
got a phobia of clowns and doesn't like
the experience one bit
in the meantime free mad lunatics have
escaped from the local loony bin and
they're basically become the monsters in
this film and they end up going to the
big top ten
killing free clowns that that Ronnie
show had picked up and they Nick they
make up and so they become the curler
clowns off this film clown house is kind
of a psychological thriller with like
the clowns basically like hiding in the
shadows hiding in the background and
chasing the lads before they even
recognize you know that I took down the
clowns are there and that they that
they're about and the and Oakland the
people around them as in like when you
go to like a pharmacy and
one guy there are many kills in this
film there's a few just to keep the
central characters that the freelance
the brothers as such a story point it
all together oh there are actually quite
a few kills in this I won't say who gets
killed off in this but that's basically
the main premise of clan house which was
directed by Victor Salva who went on to
do
Jeepers Creepers wanted to powder his
rose wood lane with Rose McGowan that
was a much a recent film and the DVD is
only on region 1 it's discontinued now
side print
I think there's reasons why it's been
discontinued and it's from MGM and the
DVDs and 16.9 widescreen 1.8 5.1 there
aren't really any extra features apart
from the trailer it's got English French
Spanish language subtitles mono English
and mono Spanish looking inside I didn't
read much to see but from the disk
itself but this phone does go for quite
privacy on eBay and Amazon if you get
all of it yeah you'd be quite fortune
Scout would have it a cheap price
to be honest I brought this pretty much
straight away when it came out in about
2003 but if you go on I offer you can
probably get yourself a copy of it and
enjoyed the film because it does have
merit it is quite a creepy film
especially if you don't like clowns you
know the end up going to chase and the
kids around a giant their own giant
house at the end here too at the end of
the film and trying to capture the
characters and basically wouldn't be so
Halloween you know there's a creepy vibe
to it which is great to watch around
October Halloween time and the director
stuff was backed by Francis Ford Coppola
coppola whoever his name is sigh help
fund him with a lot of his earlier films
before this he did a phone call
something in the basement which was a
short film and that's never been seen
since safe and if you're lucky enough to
see that from you were very lucky enough
to see that though there's a lot of
controversy behind this film which I'm
not going to go into because I don't
feel like doing it in the video but if
you look on Wikipedia you'll be able to
see why this film has caused so much
controversy over the years with one of
the young actors in this film but
they're all controversy aside has a
standout film in itself is quite well
done it is one those popcorn slasher
like no-brainer eighties cheesy cult
film films just came out 1988 I think it
did actually win awards when he went to
like a Sundance fence festival or
something like that so there is quite a
merit there and the victor I heard he's
supposed to be retired from directing in
2014 which would be very interesting to
be honest but clone ass in itself he
could play anything else to aside is
quite a good film it is fun to watch I
do recommend I think a lot of people
might have seen this the first time
around when it was on video rental VHS
in the 80s and if you can try and pick
yourself up a copy cheap try and pick
yourself up a copy because it's worth
picking up and especially watching for
around Halloween time a film like this
for people trying to get a good scare or
want to see a good psychological
thriller and Sam Rockwell was ready got
an S and I said before he's gone to do
many things and what cracky little actor
he is and his he's a heartthrob as well
so women like him and he's a really cool
guy
yes well and he's a really cool guy and
this is well apart from a bit of a
jerk towards his brothers and this is a
really good film with him in it and I
always wonder what his thoughts are on
this film I bet he's forgot on the by
now about always wonder what his faults
were on clown house from 1988
that's a DVD I hope you've enjoyed this
review and if you get time pick up clown
house as cheap as you can because it's
quite expensive on DVD now if you've
enjoyed this review of a bloody good day